Dear Ehsan Nuri

Thank you for your order! Please follow the steps given below to install the Bindu program.

1. Before you try installing the program, it is best to turn off the User Account Control settings first. To do this, go to “Control Panel”, click on “User Accounts and Family Safety”. Then click on "User Accounts" then click on "Change user account control settings". Bring the dial down to "Never Notify" and then click on OK. Allow the changes then re-start the computer.

If you have an anti-virus program installed on your computer, it is best to temporarily disable the antivirus protection. You can turn it back on when the installation is finished. The installation of the programs may proceed normally even if you do not lower the User Account Control or turn off virus protection programs, but this is necessary on some computers for the programs to install.

After doing all of the above, you are now ready to install the program.

Please find below the registration information for your Bindu Program. You will need this serial information when you first run the program.



Program purchased: Bindu Astrology Software 2023

Your serial is: 491-110723-9267-7822
Registered to: Ehsan Nuri
Email address: mrfgamer021@gmail.com


Download link: Bindu Astrology Software


1. Click on the above link to download the Bindu zip file (bindu.zip). Take note of where you saved the file. It usually goes to the Download folder on your hard drive.

2. Double click on "bindu.zip", it will then show the installer file "bindusetup.exe" Click or Double click on this file to start the installation process (whichever works on your computer).

3. Follow the installation procedure on your screen.

Thanks again.

Best Wishes,
Bindu Astrology Software Team


Technical Support in United States:

Cosmic Patterns Software 
6212 NW 43rd Street, Suite B
Gainesville, FL 32653 USA
kepler@astrosoftware.com
http://www.astrosoftware.com
http://www.astrologysoftware.com
http://www.astrologyland.com
Tel: +1352-373-1504
Office Hours:
9 AM to 5 PM Eastern time
Monday to Friday
Closed Saturday, Sunday, and observed USA major holidays